hey guys this show they have updated the
introduction to penned area for the horn
on the beta so I want to bring the whole
thing to you in its entirety so enjoy
and I'll talk to you in a bit I am
pleased to report that the battle at sea
goes well war chief our forces report
decisive victories of the coasts of ten
Aricent / rod alliance blood spills this
pleases me general there's more I've
received word that our southern fleet
engaged in Alliance envoy we chased the
Royal flagship until it ran aground or
ground were apparently they found a
massive uncharted landmass shrouded by
dense mist and you that the Orion
scanner first redirect the invasion
fleet general as you and your best
veterans will pave our way storm the
shore and paint this new cars on a dirt
up until now there's just a placeholder
there with some video and some text so
it's nice to finally see the whole thing
fleshed out next up is we're gonna go
ahead and see the next part of the
introduction to Pandaria which I already
included before but this one's been
cleaned up a little bit and just for the
sake of you know being thorough here it
is
we've been flying in this mister hours
generally the crew grows uneasy back to
your post soldier will find this land or
die trying
Oh
Alliance outside
alright guys there you go that's the
Horde side I do have a link at the end
of this video for the Alliance version
if you want to see that as well remember
that I will be showing you more beta
stuff like this introduction and heroics
and scenarios and Aleph R and stuff like
that over on my livestream channel at
twitch.tv slash Walmart Caen can find
that link on my main page here on
YouTube as well so that is it for me
thanks guys and take care of yourselves
there is no sign of Admiral Taylor or
his ship 200 ships at my disposal yet
the one carrying my son goes missing